                     UNTANGLE NETWORKS INC.
                   END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

This End User License Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered
into between Untangle Networks, Inc. ("Untangle") and the person
or entity ("you" or "Licensee") that purchases, receives,
installs, or uses the software program accompanying this
Agreement.  If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, Untangle is unwilling to license the Untangle
Software to you, in which case you should, within ten (10) days
after your receipt of the Untangle Software, abort the
installation and destroy or return all copies of the Untangle
Software to Untangle (and, if you purchased Untangle Hardware,
return the Untangle Hardware to your reseller) for a refund of
any fees that you may have paid.

PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THE TERMS BELOW BEFORE CLICKING ON THE "I
ACCEPT" BUTTON.  BY CLICKING ON THE "I ACCEPT" BUTTON, YOU
CERTIFY THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY
THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

1. Definitions.  The following capitalized terms will have the
meanings ascribed to them below.

       1.1 "Beta Software" means any Untangle Software that is
       designated by Untangle as being in "beta" or pre-release
       status.

       1.2 "Documentation" means the documentation for the
       Software.

       1.3 "Free Software" means those specific components of the
       Untangle Software which are designated on the Untangle
       Store as being available to Licensee for download and use
       without the payment of a license fee.

       1.4 "Open Source Software" has the meaning set forth in
       Section 3.3 (Open Source Software).

       1.5 "Software Platform" means the Untangle administrative
       client software and related base functionality that
       enables the download, installation, operation, and
       updating of Software Products.

       1.6 "Software Product" means a specific software module
       that Licensee may download from the Untangle Store and
       enable using the Software Platform.

       1.7 "Trial Period" means, with respect to a particular
       Software Product, the limited trial period specified in
       the Untangle Store for such Software Product (or, if not
       specified, the thirty (30) day period immediately
       following the download of such Software Product).

       1.8 "Update" means any of the following software that
       Untangle may release from time to time in its sole
       discretion: (a) any virus signature update, new threat
       profiles, or any other similar updates to the data
       libraries contained within certain Software Products; and
       (b) any patch, bug fix, error-correction, or other new
       release of the Untangle Software, excluding any major new
       releases for which Untangle charges an additional license
       fee.

       1.9 "Untangle Hardware" means (in the case of Software
       that is preinstalled on an Untangle hardware appliance)
       the hardware appliance purchased by Licensee that contains
       the Software Platform.

       1.10 "Untangle Software" means, collectively, the Software
       Platform, all Software Products, and all Updates thereto,
       but excluding Open-Source Software.

       1.11 "Untangle Store" means the web site operated by
       Untangle from which additional Software Products may be
       downloaded using the Software Platform.

2. License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Untangle grants to Licensee a nonexclusive,
nontransferable license, to:

       2.1 Use, perform, and display one (1) copy of the Software
       Platform, in executable code form, on (a) the Untangle
       Hardware upon which the Software Platform was
       preinstalled; or (b) if Licensee received the Software
       Platform via standalone download or on a CD, on computer
       hardware meeting the specifications set forth in the
       Documentation, in all cases for the sole purpose of
       downloading, enabling, operating, and updating Software
       Products from the Untangle Store;

       2.2 During the Trial Period: use, perform, and display one
       (1) copy of each Software Product that Licensee downloads
       from the Untangle Store, in executable code form, solely
       in accordance with the Documentation and in conjunction
       with the Software Platform, for the sole purpose of
       evaluating the features and functions of such Software
       Product;

       2.3 After the Trial Period:

             (a) Use, perform, and display all Software Products
             that constitute Free Software, in executable code
             form, solely in accordance with the Documentation
             and in conjunction with the Software Platform,
             solely for Licensee's own internal use; and

             (b) Use, perform, and display all Software Products
             that do not constitute Free Software, in executable
             code form, solely in accordance with the
             Documentation and in conjunction with the Software
             Platform, solely for your own internal use;
             provided, however, that Licensee pays to Untangle
             all applicable fees in accordance with Section 5.1
             (Subscription Fees).

3. License Restrictions and Intellectual Property

       3.1 General Restrictions.  Notwithstanding anything to the
       contrary in this Agreement, Licensee shall not (a) copy
       any part of the Untangle Software or the Documentation
       except to the extent expressly permitted under Section 2
       (License Grant) above; (b) reverse engineer, reverse
       compile, disassemble, or attempt to derive the source code
       of any portion of the Untangle Software, or allow any
       person to do any of the foregoing; (c) attempt to
       circumvent any license key, disabling code, or license
       management mechanism in the Untangle Software; (d)
       distribute, rent, lease, assign, or otherwise transfer any
       interest in the Untangle Software or Documentation; (e)
       export or re-export the Untangle Software or Documentation
       in violation of any applicable law or regulation; (f)
       disclose benchmarks or other comparisons of the Software
       without Untangle's prior written consent; (g) modify,
       adapt, enhance, or create derivative works of the Untangle
       Software or Documentation; (h) use the Untangle Software
       for service-bureau use, or otherwise for the benefit of
       third parties; or (i) otherwise exceed the scope of the
       express licenses granted herein.  Licensee may not remove
       from the Untangle Software, or alter, any of the
       trademarks, trade names, logos, patent or copyright
       notices or markings, or add any other notices or markings
       to the Untangle Software.

       3.2 Beta Software.  From time to time, Untangle may make
       Beta Software available to Licensee for download and use
       in accordance with the licenses granted above in Section 2
       (License Grant), subject to the terms and conditions in
       this section.  Untangle may terminate any license to Beta
       Software immediately without prior notice and may disable
       Licensee's access to the Beta Software.  To the extent
       that Licensee provides any comments, feedback, or other
       input with respect to the Beta Software, Licensee grants
       to Untangle a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable,
       transferable, royalty-free right to use and exploit such
       feedback for its business purposes, including for purposes
       of improving Untangle's current and future products.
       Untangle reserves the right not to release a commercial
       version of the Beta Software, or, if it chooses to proceed
       with a commercial release, to incorporate features,
       specifications, capabilities, functions, license terms,
       pricing, or other characteristics that differ from the
       Beta Software.  Licensee agrees and acknowledges that Beta
       Software is not suitable for production use and may
       contain errors adversely affecting its proper operation.
       Unless and until Untangle notifies Licensee to the
       contrary, Licensee agrees not to share or disclose to any
       third party any non-public information regarding the Beta
       Software or its features, bugs, performance, or operation.

       3.3 Open Source Software.  Some software code incorporated
       into or distributed with the Untangle Software may be
       licensed by third parties under various "open-source" or
       "public-source" software licenses (such as the GNU General
       Public License, the GNU Lesser General Public License, the
       Apache License, the Berkeley Software Distribution
       License, and the Sun Public License) (collectively, the
       "Open Source Software").  Notwithstanding anything to the
       contrary in this Agreement, the Open Source Software is
       not licensed under Section 2 (License Grants), and instead
       is separately licensed pursuant to the terms and
       conditions of their respective open-source software
       licenses, copies of which are either attached to this
       Agreement, reproduced in the appropriate readme file, or
       available on the Untangle web site.  Licensee agrees to
       comply with the terms and conditions of such open-source
       software license agreements.

       3.4 Additional Terms.  The use of particular Software
       Products may be subject to additional or supplementary
       terms and conditions, which Licensee will be given the
       opportunity to review and accept after download at the
       time of installation.  If Licensee elects to proceed with
       the installation of such a Software Product, such
       additional or supplementary terms and conditions shall be
       incorporated by reference into this Agreement.

       3.5 Ownership. The Untangle Software is licensed, not
       sold, and as between Licensee and Untangle, Untangle shall
       retain all right, title, and ownership in and to the
       Software, including all intellectual property rights
       contained therein.  There are no implied licenses under
       this Agreement, and all rights not expressed granted are
       reserved.

4. Updates.  Subject to Licensee's payment of the applicable
monthly subscription fee in accordance with Section 5.2
(Subscription Fees), Untangle will make available all Updates to
the Software Platform and Software Products to Licensee within a
reasonable time after the general public release of such Updates.
Untangle will deliver such Updates for automatic installation
using the Software Platform.  Licensee will be responsible for
providing Internet connectivity allowing the Software Platform to
communicate with Untangle's servers.  For the avoidance of doubt,
Untangle makes no representations as to the frequency of Updates,
nor does it guarantee that any particular Update will be
implemented or that any particular errors will be corrected.  In
addition, Untangle shall have no obligation under this Agreement
to provide any telephone, e-mail, or other technical support for
the Untangle Software or Untangle Hardware.

5. Fees and Payments

       5.1 Subscription Fees.  Upon the expiration of the Trial
       Period for a Software Product, and at the beginning of
       each month thereafter, Licensee will either (a) pay the
       applicable subscription fees for any Software Product that
       is not Free Software; or (b) immediately cease all use of
       such Software Product.

       5.2 Payment Authorization.  Licensee agrees to make the
       foregoing payments (including any applicable taxes) via a
       valid credit card, and authorizes Untangle to
       automatically charge such amounts against the credit card
       information furnished by Licensee to Untangle via the
       Untangle Store.  Licensee agrees to provide Untangle with
       a valid credit card and accurate, complete, and updated
       information required by the payment information interface
       in the Untangle Store.  Licensee authorizes Untangle to
       automatically charge the applicable fees at the beginning
       of each month (or at such other billing interval as
       Licensee selects in the Untangle Store), until Licensee
       elects to terminate the subscription to one or more
       Software Products by giving Untangle written notice of
       termination no less than thirty (30) days in advance of
       the final billing date.  All payments are non-refundable.
       Untangle may suspend the license to any Software Products
       and its provision of related Updates if Licensee fails to
       provide a valid means of payment for any of the amounts
       due hereunder.

6. Privacy Policy.  Untangle may collect, store, use, and share
aggregated and personally-identifiable information from Licensee
relating to Licensee's use and operation of the Untangle Software
from time to time.  In doing so, Untangle will comply with the
terms and conditions of its Privacy Policy, available at the
Untangle web site, which Licensee agrees that it has reviewed.

7. Publicity.  Untangle may use Licensee's name in any customer
reference list or in any press release issued by Untangle
regarding the use of the Untangle Software and Untangle Hardware,
and may provide to third parties Licensee's name and the names of
the Untangle Software and Untangle Hardware purchased by
Licensee.

8. Access to Software Platform and Right to Disable.  Licensee
agrees and acknowledges that in order for the Untangle Software
to function as designed, Untangle's servers must be able to
access, communicate, and exchange data with the Software Platform
and/or Software Products, without prompting an additional user
alert.  Subject to Untangle's compliance with its obligations
under Section 6 (Privacy Policy), Licensee hereby consents to any
such access to and data connections to the Untangle Software
installed on Licensee's premises.  IN ADDITION, UNTANGLE SHALL
HAVE THE RIGHT, AT ANY TIME AND WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE TO LICENSEE,
TO DISABLE THE OPERATION OF (A) ANY FREE SOFTWARE; (B) ANY BETA
SOFTWARE; AND (C) ANY UNTANGLE SOFTWARE THAT IS NOT FREE SOFTWARE
FOR WHICH LICENSEE HAS NOT PAID FEES DUE TO UNTANGLE UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT. LICENSEE HEREBY CONSENTS TO UNTANGLE'S USE OF ANY
DISABLING MECHANISM PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT, AND UNTANGLE
SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY COSTS OR DAMAGES INCURRED BY LICENSEE
OR ANY THIRD PARTY AS A RESULT OF ANY UNTANGLE SOFTWARE BEING
DISABLED OR ACCESSED BY UNTANGLE.


9. DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTY.  LICENSEE AGREES AND ACKNOWLEDGES
THAT THE COMPUTER SECURITY THREAT IS EVOLVING AND THAT NO TOOLS
CAN GUARANTEE THAT SECURITY BREACHES WILL NOT OCCUR.  UNTANGLE
PROVIDES NO ASSURANCE THAT THE UNTANGLE SOFTWARE WILL PROTECT
AGAINST ALL COMPUTER VIRUS INFECTIONS, UNAUTHORIZED INTRUSIONS,
IDENTITY THEFT, PRIVACY VIOLATIONS, SPYWARE, SPAM, OR OTHER FORMS
OF HARMFUL ACTIVITY.  ANY CHANGE IN THE OPERATING SYSTEM OR OTHER
SOFTWARE OR CONFIGURATION OF LICENSEE'S HARDWARE MAY AFFECT THE
PERFORMANCE AND OPERATION OF THE UNTANGLE SOFTWARE.  ACCORDINGLY,
UNTANGLE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO LICENSEE FOR ANY OF THE
FOREGOING SECURITY BREACHES OR OTHER HARMFUL EFFECTS THAT MAY
RESULT DESPITE THE DEPLOYMENT OF THE UNTANGLE SOFTWARE.  IN
ADDITION, UNTANGLE WILL HAVE NO OBLIGATIONS OR LIABILITY TO
LICENSEE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO ANY UNTANGLE
HARDWARE.  UNTANGLE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE UNTANGLE SOFTWARE
IS ERROR-FREE, THAT IT WILL OPERATE WITH LICENSEE'S HARDWARE OR
NETWORK WITHOUT ANY IMPAIRMENT OF ITS FUNCTIONALITY, OR THAT IT
WILL DELIVER ANY PARTICULAR RESULTS.  THE UNTANGLE SOFTWARE (AND
ANY OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE ACCOMPANYING THE UNTANGLE SOFTWARE) IS
PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED
OR IMPLIED, AND LICENSEE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
TITLE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  NEITHER UNTANGLE NOR ANY CONTRIBUTOR
OF OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE SHALL BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD
PARTY FOR ANY DEFECTS IN THE SOFTWARE.  Some jurisdictions do not
allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the above
disclaimer may not apply, in which case the duration of any such
implied warranty is limited to sixty (60) days from the date the
software is received by Licensee.

10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  UNTANGLE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO
LICENSEE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER ARISING IN TORT, CONTRACT, OR
OTHERWISE, OR FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, OR LOSS OF USE,
ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THE UNTANGLE SOFTWARE, UNTANGLE
HARDWARE, OR OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF UNTANGLE HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  Some jurisdictions
do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for
consequential or incidental damages so the above limitation or
exclusion may not apply.

UNTANGLE'S LIABILITY TO LICENSEE IN ANY EVENT SHALL NOT EXCEED
THE GREATER OF (A) THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF FEES PAID BY LICENSEE TO
UNTANGLE FOR THE LICENSE TO THE UNTANGLE SOFTWARE, OR (B) FIFTY
U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $50).  THIS DISCLAIMER CONSTITUTES AN
ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND NO USE OF THE UNTANGLE
SOFTWARE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.

11. High Risk Activities. None of the Untangle Software is
fault-tolerant, and it is not licensed for use in hazardous
environments requiring fail-safe performance, such as in the
operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or
communication systems, air traffic control, direct life support
machines, or weapons systems, in which the failure of the
Untangle Hardware or Untangle Software could lead directly to
death, personal injury, or severe physical or environmental
damage ("High Risk Activities"). ACCORDINGLY, LICENSEE AGREES
THAT UNTANGLE AND ITS SUPPLIERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM LICENSEE'S USE OF
THE UNTANGLE SOFTWARE OR UNTANGLE HARDWARE IN HIGH RISK
ACTIVITIES, AND LICENSEE WILL INDEMNIFY UNTANGLE AND ITS
SUPPLIERS FROM AND AGAINST ALL LIABILITIES ARISING FROM THE
LICENSEE'S USE OF THE UNTANGLE SOFTWARE OR UNTANGLE HARDWARE IN
HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES.

12. Termination.  This Agreement will become effective at the
time that Licensee clicks the "I Accept" button, and will
continue in full force and effect until any breach of any of its
terms and conditions by Licensee, whereupon the Agreement (and
all licenses granted hereunder) will automatically terminate, and
Licensee will destroy all copies of the Software in its
possession.  Sections 1, 3.5, 7, 9, 12, 13, 14, 15, and any
accrued payment obligations will survive any such termination.

13. Assignment.  Licensee shall not transfer or assign this
Agreement (or any rights or obligations hereunder) without the
prior written consent of Untangle, which may be withheld or
delayed in its sole discretion.  Any purported assignment in
violation of the foregoing will be null and void.  The rights
granted under this Agreement are personal to Licensee, and do not
extend to any subsidiary, parent, or affiliate of Licensee.

14. Governing Law: This Agreement shall be governed by the laws
of the State of California, U.S.A, without giving effect to any
conflicts of laws principles that would require the application
of the laws of a different jurisdiction.  Neither the Uniform
Computer Information Transactions Act nor the United Nations
Convention on the International Sale of Goods apply to this
Agreement. If either party employs attorneys to enforce any
rights arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the
prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable
attorney's fees. The parties consent to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in San Mateo
County, California, USA; provided, however, that nothing in this
sentence will prevent Untangle from seeking injunctive relief to
protect its intellectual property rights in any venue or forum
that it deems appropriate.

15. General.  If any provision of this Agreement is held by a
court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable for any
reason, the remaining provisions hereof shall be unaffected and
remain in full force and effect.  This Agreement (along with the
warranty card accompanying the Untangle Hardware, if the Licensee
purchased Untangle Hardware) constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties concerning Licensee's use of the Untangle
Software and Untangle Hardware. This Agreement supersedes any
prior verbal understanding between the parties and any Licensee
purchase order or other ordering document, regardless of whether
such document is received by Untangle before or after Licensee
agrees to this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended only in a
writing signed by an authorized officer of Untangle specifically
evidencing an intent to amend this Agreement.
